fix: add zarf var for k3d_extra_args (#32)
defenseunicorns/uds-k3d: README.md

## Additional Info

You can set extra k3d args by setting the deploy-time ZARF_VAR_K3D_EXTRA_ARGS.
Set Extra k3d args:

```yaml
package:
  deploy:
    set:

>       k3d_extra_args: "--agents 2"

Reviewer: please update the example to something that doesn't break RWX

Author: done

> You can set extra k3d args by setting the deploy-time ZARF_VAR_K3D_EXTRA_ARGS.
> Set Extra k3d args:
> 
> ```yaml
> package:
>   deploy:
>     set:
>       k3d_extra_args: "--agents 2"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set extra k3d args by setting the deploy-time `ZARF_VAR_K3D_EXTRA_ARGS`. For example to add a GPU to your cluster via a zarf config file:

```yaml
package:
  deploy:
    set:
      k3d_extra_args: "--gpus=1"
```
